hello
for this video I will be reading the
architecture Wikipedia page to provide
some basic information on architecture
now
architecture is the art and technique of
Designing and building as distinguished
from the skills associated with
construction
it is both the process and the product
of sketching conceiving planning
designing and constructing buildings or
other structures
the term comes from Latin from Latin
architectura from ancient Greek
architect
from Chief and creator
architectural works in the material form
of buildings are often perceived as
cultural symbols and as works of art
historical civilizations are often
identified with their surviving
architectural achievements
the practice which began in the
prehistoric era has been used as a way
of expressing Culture by civilizations
on all seven continents